I've just come back from leaving my last painting in the archives. It won't see the light of day again just like it's predessors. They are all immaculate works of art, so immaculate that the mere eye isn't equipped to apppreciate the truth that lies in between every space left blank and the lies in every space filled in. They are spmething which you would say are for my eyes only. Every step from the outlining, the mapping out, to the final touches are observed by me and only me. They lie hidden under the piece of muslin when they lie dormant. Such beauty deserves to be shielded.protected.adored. cara mia. 
Although, I must proclaim that I've grown an unlikely affection towards my work in progress. Afterall, it is a potrait of the most brilliant woman to ever exist. Me. But ever since I've started it, I have been having peculiar dreams. It feels as though it is real. It maps ou my regular routine. I wake up, I paint, and I go to sleep. until I am awaken by a pang in my chest. I am drawn to my art room. I look at my painting and as soon as I meet her eyes, oh my dear dear love, the illusion shatters and I am brought back into reality. But strangely, I find myself in my art room, the muslin still covering my portrait. I begin to wonder if the entire endevour was a dream or if only a fragment of it was an illlusion. Had I begun sleep walking again? I'm starting to forget what day it is. Had I already coloured in the eyes? they seem fuller than before. They seem to be straing into mine. Just like...just like the dream. I'm almost envious of her. Her porcelin skin, her bright eyes, blonde hair and blush lips. Much of my youthfullness had faded making this painting. I had earned many sleepless nights. How many days had it been again/ There goes another hair, greying, falling unto my skirt. I fear she is judging me. I cover her up. I think I am going mad. The muslin ws right there a moment ago. I could have sworn it was. It has vanished. The lady is staring at me again. I think she wants to be free. But oh, Cara Mia, how will you understand noone will appreciate your eloquence and haunting beauty as I do? The eyes drip of paint, almost as though they are wailing. soon the whole portrait starts to fade and pour. I rush in a pathetic attempt to stop it. It does not work. I am left abandoned. alone. I am afraid I will forget what I look like without her as proof. But on the other hand, I am glad she is more free than I could ever be. 